prep release: v1.32.1 (#4045)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning v2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# [1.32.1] - 2023-10-17

## 🚀 Features

> ### Add path to SupergraphRequest ([Issue #4016](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4016))

Reviewer: This title needs to be changed to refer to `hasNext` not `path`.
e.g.:
Add hasNext to SupergraphResponse.
Note: Response, not Request.

Coprocessors multi-part response support has been enhanced to include `hasNext`, allowing you to determine when a request has completed.

When `stage` is `SupergraphResponse`, `hasNext` if present and `true` indicates that there will be subsequent `SupergraphResponse` calls to the co-processor for each multi-part (`@defer`/subscriptions) response.

See the [coprocessor documentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/customizations/coprocessor/) for more details.

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4017

### Expose the ability to set topology spread constraints on the helm chart ([3891](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3891))

Give developers the ability to set topology spread constraints that can be used to guarantee that federation pods are spread out evenly across AZs.

By [bjoern](https://github.com/bjoernw) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3892

## 🐛 Fixes

### Ignore JWKS keys which aren't supported by the router ([Issue #3853](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3853))

> If you have a JWKS which contains a key which has an algorithm (alg) which the router doesn't recognise, then the entire JWKS is disregarded. This is unsatisfactory, since there are likely to be many other keys in the JWKS which the router could use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a JWKS which contains a key which has an algorithm (alg) which the router doesn't recognise, then the entire JWKS is disregarded even if there were other keys in the JWKS which the router could use.
```

Without this fix, all subscriptions or deferred queries would be rejected when experimental batching support was enabled.

By [@garypen](https://github.com/garypen) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3959

### Fix requires selection in arrays ([Issue #3972](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3972))

When a field has a `@requires` annotation that selects an array, and some fields are missing in that array or some of the elements are null, the router would short circuit the selection and remove the entire array. This relaxes the condition to allow nulls in the selected array

By [@Geal](https://github.com/Geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3975

### Fix router hang when opening the explorer, prometheus or health check page ([Issue #3941](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3941))

The Router did not gracefully shutdown when an idle connections are made by a client, and would instead hang. In particular, web browsers make such connection in anticipation of future traffic.

This is now fixed, and the Router will now gracefully shut down in a timely fashion.

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

By [@Geal](https://github.com/Geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3969

### Fix hang and high CPU usage when compressing small responses ([PR #3961](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3961))

When returning small responses (less than 10 bytes) and compressing them using gzip, the router could go into an infinite loop

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
